Add  WebXR Lighting Estimation reference docs - pt 1 (#7965)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xrsession/index.md

  - : Ends the WebXR session. Returns a {{jsxref("promise")}} which resolves when the session has been shut down.
- {{DOMxRef("XRSession.requestAnimationFrame", "requestAnimationFrame()")}}
  - : Schedules the specified method to be called the next time the {{glossary("user agent")}} is working on rendering an animation frame for the WebXR device. Returns an integer value which can be used to identify the request for the purposes of canceling the callback using `cancelAnimationFrame()`. This method is comparable to the {{domxref("Window.requestAnimationFrame()")}} method.
- {{DOMxRef("XRSession.requestLightProbe", "requestLightProbe()")}}

>   - : Requests an {{domxref("XRLightProbe")}} that can be used to estimate lighting information at a given point in the user's environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Requests an {{domxref("XRLightProbe")}} that estimates lighting information at a given point in the user's environment.
```
